Update hubs.md (#26325)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/hubs.md

```

If implicit resolution of parameters from services isn't desired, disable it with [DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options).

> To explicitly specify which parameters are resolved from DI hub methods, use the [`DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.signalr.huboptions.disableimplicitfromservicesparameters) option and use the `[FromServices]` attribute or a custom attribute that implements `IFromServiceMetadata` on your parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explicitly specify which parameters are resolved from DI in hub methods, use the [`DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.signalr.huboptions.disableimplicitfromservicesparameters) option and use the `[FromServices]` attribute or a custom attribute that implements `IFromServiceMetadata` on the hub method parameters that should be resolved from DI.
```
